Although EsmFold2 has not yet published how they build designers, they describe it in their preprint. I have copied the relevant text from the preprint here so you know what to do. We need to implement this in the same way as described in the ESMFold2 paper. "Biological function is orchestrated through the formation and dissolution of biomolecular interfaces, from the assembly of complexes and the recognition and propagation of signals to the regulation of biological processes. Binding is the primary mechanism for the activity of therapeutic molecules. Together, the language model and structure predictor specify a general model of protein interactions. We have found that a simple approach, achieved by searching the input space of the model, can design atomic-resolution interfaces between protein molecules and discover proteins that bind their target with high affinity. This search can be written as a joint optimization over a candidate binder sequence and its target-bound structure p(x, s) = p(s | x, t)p(x) where x denotes the candidate binder sequence, t denotes the target sequence, s denotes the structure of the targetbound complex, p(x) is the sequence prior learned by ESMC, and p(s | x, t) is the conditional structural model provided by ESMFold2. ESMC guides the search toward sequences compatible with folding and stability, while ESMFold2 evaluates whether candidate sequences form the desired interface. Design optimizes sequences with respect to properties evaluated on their predicted structures. This perspective is shared by a broader class of structure predictor-guided methods, where a folding model is used to guide the optimization of candidate designs (41–43). In principle, many search procedures can be used, including sampling-based methods such as MCMC (44–47). Our approach represents sequences as continuous distributions over amino acid probabilities and optimizes by backpropagation through ESMC and ESMFold2. Temperature annealing is used to sharpen amino acid distributions toward discrete sequences (Appendix A.3.1.1). A single-stage optimization over continuous sequences is sufficient to produce high-quality designs. A.3.1. Design of Binders A.3.1.1 DESIGN APPROACH Optimization is guided towards sequences predicted with high confidence to realize the desired interface. The end-toend protocol is simple: generate a large number (thousands, or more) of candidate binders by searching the representations of the models, predict each in complex with the desired target using an ensemble of ESMFold2 models, and rank candidates by their average confidence over the predicted interface. The highest ranked designs are synthesized and characterized in the laboratory. Search. Gradients of ESMC and ESMFold2 models are used as differential search objectives as described by Algorithm 11. Our method utilizes gradients directly optimized through the structure model’s distogram output, which was first introduced by (42), and in general our method aligns with a broader class of approaches inverting structure prediction models for the design of binders (41, 43, 117). A single search for a binding candidate begins by initializing a state vector x ∈ L × 20 tensor where L represents the amino acid positions of the cropped target protein concatenated with the amino acid positions of the binding protein. In cases where the identity of the amino acid is known, such as on the target or in the framework positions of an antibody, the position is initialized with a one-hot vector or logits which approach a one-hot vector after softmax. In the positions where the amino acid is to be chosen, it is initialized with N (0, 0.012 ). These positions are updated iteratively with gradient descent.  One update adjusts the state vector according to the gradient of the losses (which guide the design towards a binding protein) adjusted by a step-dependent learning rate which is annealed over the 150 steps of the search. xk+1 = xk − αk∇L(xk) At the beginning of the search the design state is a superposition over amino acids, which corresponds to a latent representation of the model. Cysteine amino acids can be undesirable as they often form unwanted disulfide bonds. The design of cysteines is avoided by initializing their logits at −106 and zeroing gradients during backpropagation. The overall loss L is a combination of four losses that utilize ESMC and ESMFold2. Three losses are computed from the ESMFold2 distogram logits. The first minimizes the entropy of predicted tertiary contacts within the binder sequence (Algorithm 12). The second minimizes the entropy of predicted cross-chain contacts between the binder sequence and target. The third penalizes the predicted packing radius of the binder (Algorithm 13). A fourth loss, computed from ESMC, minimizes the cross entropy between the binder sequence state and log probabilities output by the model (Algorithm 14). There are step-dependent transformations between the state and the inputs to the models implementing the losses, which are described in Algorithm 11. The ESMFold2-derived losses guide optimization towards sequences that are predicted to fold with high confidence (i.e., low entropy of the distogram logits) into globular structures that engage the target. The ESMC-derived loss guides optimization towards sequences that are likely under the language model’s evolutionary prior. These losses may be implemented using multiple ESMFold2 variants to prevent adversarial solutions to a particular set of model weights. In the final few optimization steps of a design trajectory, a forward pass through the diffusion and confidence modules is run to compute structure confidence (ipTM). The final output of a trajectory is the argmax over the amino acid logits of the state corresponding to the highest ipTM design. This search algorithm is applied many times in parallel to generate a large set of candidate designs. Due to its embarrassingly parallel structure, this can be approached in various ways on various types of infrastructure to achieve a high level of scale. Not all outputs of the search yield good candidate designs. A critical aspect of achieving high hit rates is selecting the best designs from the set of candidates. Our goal is to choose candidates for ∼1 96 plate well for evaluation out of the ∼1000’s of candidates Minibinder designs with an isoelectric point (pI) above 6.0, which can lead to nonspecific binding and aggregation (for near-neutral pIs), are first filtered. For scFvs, no filters are applied. Then candidates are ranked using ESMFold2, specifically using the predicted confidence of the interface scored by ipTM or a proxy for ipTM related to the entropy of the distogram logits (Algorithm 15). One or more ESMFold2 models with different weights may be used to generate a combined score. In practice, multiple models are used and the mean of scores is used for the ranking. Designs ranked the highest are selected for laboratory experiments."
If you have further questions about the implementation the paper can be found here: https://biohub.ai/papers/esm_protein.pdf?__clerk_synced=true
